I am going to show you how i made my portfolio.
I used a template from this site called bootstrap.
When you subscribe confetti it will take you to another webpage that has confetti
Using the template called stylish portfolio it makes life very easy
I use visual studio code as my text editor
Downloading this template already comes with everything you need, all you have to do is edit the index.html and css page
Using visual studio code as my text editor I linked the subscribe button to the thankyou.html page
Using a script from mathusummut. Placing it into the body allowed the confetti to display.
Autoplay makes it so that the video automatically plays when the page loads
Loop allows for my video to constantly loop even after it finishes
Simple and easy to do but this is how i made my portfolio!